Cheng Yu, stay away from him
These two invitations are different.
Everyone's invitations have names on them
Please explain why yours doesn't have it.
Because I'm a special guest.
Arguing, I think you faked it at all
How can this invitation be faked?
true or false?
Blind, such a beautiful face
What's the difference between this and rubbing the red carpet with a dead face?
Why aren't you wearing it?
The day the master revealed the secret
A white dress is specially tailored for you
That's the one you traded for with a fake identity
Will it be revealed and the identity will be found out?
So you can only change one.
It's a limited edition haute couture
Of course, it will be changed when the awards are presented later.